---
categories: meetings
meeting_type: meetup
title: "Crypto & Token Economics"
date: "2018-10-18 18:30"
venue: The Landing
address: Conference Hall @ Studio 7, The Landing, Media City
link: https://www.meetup.com/Bitcoin-Manchester/events/254238622/
venue_location_link: https://madlab.org.uk/find-us/
# background: "url(/media/meetings/201x/xx/xxx.png) #112233"
# published: false
---

Introducing Dr Anish Mohammed

Anish is an accomplished multi disciplinarian who has worked as medical doctor, bioinformatician, strategy consultant and cryptographer. He has spend half his career researching cryptographic algorithms and protocols at three different research groups. His main focus is currently to work on projects involving security, scalability and consensus of blockchains, using smart contracts for AI safety, crypto-economics, and token engineering, including the design of over a dozen blockchain protocols. Anish is a regular speaker and contributor in the areas of AI, cybersecurity, fintech and blockchain. He is also on the advisory boards of Adjoint, Arteia, Devvio, Hyper-loop Transport Technologies, Privacy Shell, Collider-X, Glance Technologies, IEET, EA Ventures, Ripple Labs and Chain of Things. He is also the cofounder of Ethicsnet, cofounder & CTO of Ontici, Chief Science Officer at Blockchainsmokers, and head of research at the Information Sciences Institute at SRH Berlin.

You can check out Anishs talks and videos as below and be ready with your q&a;
https://anish-mohammed-shs2.squarespace.com/

The Landing is a collaborative and social space that offers excellent food and drinks. For more information on the venue, please see here (https://www.social7.co.uk/)

6:30pm Networking / Food/ registration - meet at the private Bar
7:00pm Crypto-currencies vs Fiat currencies
7:45pm Break/drinks at Bar
8:00pm Crypto/Token Economics /Q&A
9:00PM Networking at the Bar
10:00pm close

There will be a donation box for those who can and wish to donate to help facilitate our the set up of our event eg, speaker's expenses and event running costs.

Please donate as you much or little as you wish.

## Disclaimer

Bitcoin Manchester is not sponsored, influenced or affiliated in any way with third party projects. Token acquisition of any project should be considered high risk and we advise our members and guests to do their own research. Events are put on to showcase possibilities and should be thoroughly researched if you wish to be involved.
